README.md, before:

# TIC-TAC-TOE
This is a easy game of tic tac toe made with HTM, CSS, JS.

Tic Tac Toe  is a site that hopes to demonstrate how pure JavaScript works in a real-world context. The site will be targeted toward people who not only love to implement more advanced JavaScript concepts but also logic. Love Maths is a fully responsive JavaScript logic game that will allow users to compite agaist the computer.

![devises reponsive](/assets/imagess/Screenshot%202023-01-04%20at%2016.38.13%20Large.png)
# Features 

* The Tic Tac Toe Logo and heading
  - Featured at the top pf the page, Tic Tac Toe logo and Heading is easy to see for the user and bring some memoris from your childhood. The users is able to see the name of the game.

  * Featured at left of the page, the rules of the game. It easy to read and understand. As most of us we are familiar whit this game.


![devises reponsive](/assets/imagess/Screenshot%202023-01-04%20at%2016.45.34%20Medium.png)
  


   * The Game Area 
    - This section will allow the user to play the tic tac toe. The user will be able to easily see the game table. 
    - The user will be able to compite against the computer and using the O's meanwhile the computer will be using the Xs.

![devises reponsive](/assets/imagess/Screenshot%202023-01-04%20at%2016.47.13%20Medium.png)
    

# Game explation and AI integration 
* The game is really simple, consist to have tre 0's in a row orizontal, vertical or diagonal to win.

* I used an AI to compite against the user called minimax algorithms, It is made to test the patient of the user before gonna break his own device since it unbeatable.



 # Credit
 * I took ispiration from the CI Love Math Project.
 * I watched plenty of video on youtube for get some inspiration like video of javascritps project,
  that helped me to create the tic tac toe game.

Commit message:

Add validator and lighthouse test

README.md, after:

# TIC-TAC-TOE
This is a easy game of tic tac toe made with HTM, CSS, JS.

Tic Tac Toe  is a site that hopes to demonstrate how pure JavaScript works in a real-world context. The site will be targeted toward people who not only love to implement more advanced JavaScript concepts but also logic. Love Maths is a fully responsive JavaScript logic game that will allow users to compite agaist the computer.

![devises reponsive](/assets/imagess/Screenshot%202023-01-04%20at%2016.38.13%20Large.png)
# Features 

* The Tic Tac Toe Logo and heading
  - Featured at the top pf the page, Tic Tac Toe logo and Heading is easy to see for the user and bring some memoris from your childhood. The users is able to see the name of the game.

  * Featured at left of the page, the rules of the game. It easy to read and understand. As most of us we are familiar whit this game.


![devises reponsive](/assets/imagess/Screenshot%202023-01-04%20at%2016.45.34%20Medium.png)
  


   * The Game Area 
    - This section will allow the user to play the tic tac toe. The user will be able to easily see the game table. 
    - The user will be able to compite against the computer and using the O's meanwhile the computer will be using the Xs.

![devises reponsive](/assets/imagess/Screenshot%202023-01-04%20at%2016.47.13%20Medium.png)
    

# Game explation and AI integration 
* The game is really simple, consist to have tre 0's in a row orizontal, vertical or diagonal to win.

* I used an AI to compite against the user called minimax algorithms, It is made to test the patient of the user before gonna break his own device since it unbeatable.



# Testing 

* My project is responsive in different browsers: Chrome, Safari and FireFox.
* This project is responsive and looks good and is working in all the standard screen sizes. I tested it using devtools device toolbar.
* I confirmed that the Header, Game  are readable and easy to understand.
* The site is working fine with all the resolutions such as: 
 1920×1080 (9.94%)
 1366×768 (6.22%)
 360×640 (5.88%)
 414×896 (4.21%)
 1536×864 (3.94%)
 375×667 (3.74%)


 # Validator Testing
## HTML
![device reponsive](/assets/images/validator.html.png)

## CSS
![device reponsive](/assets/images/css.vali.png)
 ## Lighthouse score
![device reponsive](/assets/imagess/Screenshot%202023-01-04%20at%2018.04.53%20Medium.png)


 # Credit
 * I took ispiration from the CI Love Math Project.
 * I watched plenty of video on youtube for get some inspiration like video of javascritps project,
  that helped me to create the tic tac toe game.
